Linked headlines refactor (#4287)
plone/volto: docs/source/configuration/volto-slate/configuration-settings.md

slate.runtimeDecorators = [([node, path], ranges) => ranges];
```

> (editor-configuration-slate-useLinkedHeadlines-label)=

Reviewer: We need to be consistent: heading != headline. A headline is usually a title, with some headings below. This might mean you would need to refactor the code as well.

```suggestion
(editor-configuration-slate-useLinkedHeading-label)=
```

Author: [de9e57f](https://github.com/plone/volto/pull/4287/commits/de9e57f3797e705a451351046a9688722a28500c)

## `slate.useLinkedHeadlines`

> volto-slate comes with anchored headings for all tags(h1,h2,h3,h4) formatted via editor. You can easily opt-out by using the setting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The setting `slate.useLinkedHeadlines` controls whether `volto-slate` creates anchors for headings, such as `h1` and `h2`, in the editor.
The default setting is `true`.
You can opt out of this feature by setting its value to `false`.
```

Also possibly refactor the code and code sample, per previous comment.

Author: Thanks @stevepiercy . I think "linked headings" would be much more precise than headlines.

Author: Fixed in [de9e57f](https://github.com/plone/volto/pull/4287/commits/de9e57f3797e705a451351046a9688722a28500c)
